I invented a machine that smokes
cigarettes to find out what would happen
if you smoked a cigarette in pure oxygen
it's pretty simple the vacuum pump
actually smokes the cigarettes and then
all the Smoke Gets bubbled through this
jar which is filled with water and it
traps all the smoke and tar first let me
show you what a normal cigarette looks
like like the cigarette turn the pump on
and it starts sucking the smoke through
the water it smoked the whole thing in
50 seconds and you can see how yellow
that water's turning oh man that's nasty
all that from a single cigarette look at
the tar now we're going to try the same
thing but this time we're going to use
oxygen like the cigarette turn on the
vacuum pump oxygen in 3 2 1 waa look at
it go oh my gosh it's almost done it's
almost done it's already gone waa look
at how fast that was so what did we
learn today well number one I gave my
vacuum pump cancer number two it looks
like smoking a cigarette in pure oxygen
doesn't make as much smok and tar so I
guess that means it's healthier